Start explaining programming support (#335)
TalonCommunity/Wiki: docs/Voice Coding/formatters.md

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Formatters

> Formatter commands are useful for formatting text including prose and variable names. You use a formatter by saying the name of the formatter and then the words you want formatted. You can the full list of formatters by saying `help formatters`. Each line of that help menu has the name of the formatter on the right and example text formatted by that formatter on the left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Formatter commands are useful for formatting text including prose and variable names. You use a formatter by saying the name of the formatter and then the words you want formatted. You can the full list of formatters by saying `help formatters`. Each line of that help menu has the name of the formatter on the right and the example text "one two three" formatted by that formatter on the left.
```

> Formatter commands are useful for formatting text including prose and identifier names. You use a formatter by saying the name of the formatter and then the words you want formatted. You can the full list of formatters by saying `help formatters`. Each line of that help menu has the name of the formatter on the right and the example text "one two three" formatted by that formatter on the left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Formatter commands are useful for formatting text, including prose and identifiers in code. You use a formatter by saying the name of the formatter and then the words you want formatted. You can the full list of formatters by saying `help formatters` — formatter names are listed on the right and the example text "one two three" formatted by that formatter on the left.
```

> Example: saying `camel one two three` will type the text `oneTwoThree`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: saying `camel one two three` will insert the text `oneTwoThree`.
```

> | Variable Name Formatter | Description                                    | Example             |

Reviewer: Identifier formatter

| ----------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| `camel`                 | camel case                                     | oneTwoThree         |
| `snake`                 | underscore (\_) between words                  | one_two_three       |

> | `kabob`                 | dash (-) between words                         | one-two-three       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `kabob`                 | hyphen (-) between words                         | one-two-three       |
```

| `constant`              | all caps with underscore between words         | ONE_TWO_THREE       |

> | `hammer`                | pascal case: the start of each word is capital | OneTwoThree         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hammer`                | Pascal case: the start of each word is capitalized | OneTwoThree         |
```

| `smash`                 | lowercase with no separator symbols            | onetwothree         |
| `dunder`                | double underscore (\_\_) between words         | one\_\_two\_\_three |

> | Code Related Prose Formatter | Description                              | Example                |

Reviewer: I would recommend you not use the words prose formatter as these have a special meaning in community. "Compound code formatter"?

Author: For now I went with "Other Code Formatter".

| ---------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| `dotted`                     | period (.) between words                 | one.two.three          |
| `packed`                     | double colon (::) between words          | one::&#8203;two::three |
| `string`                     | words surrounded by single quotes        | 'one two three'        |

> | `dub string`                 | words surrounded by double codes         | "one to three"         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dub string`                 | words surrounded by double quotes         | "one two three"         |
```
